Smart Wallet Telemetry Page (#48)
base/docs: docs/smart-wallet/concepts/telemetry.mdx

### How Does It Work?

Telemetry is integrated into the Smart Wallet SDK and automatically triggers when certain wallet events occur (provided telemetry is enabled in your configuration). The data is sent to secure Coinbase endpoints for analysis.

For example, when a wallet request occurs, a telemetry event like this is sent:

```bash
curl 'https://cca-lite.coinbase.com/amp' \
  -H 'content-type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded; charset=utf-8' \
  -H 'origin: https://your-app.com' \
  --data-raw 'e=[{"event_type":"scw_signer.request.started","event_properties":{"method":"eth_requestAccounts","correlationId":"abc123-def456","sdkVersion":"4.3.2","appName":"Your App Name","appOrigin":"https://your-app.com"}}]'
```

The payload contains an array of telemetry events with operational data including:

- **event_type**: The specific wallet operation being tracked
- **method**: The wallet method being called (e.g., `eth_requestAccounts`)
- **correlationId**: A unique identifier for request tracking
- **sdkVersion**: The Smart Wallet SDK version
- **appName**: Your application name
- **appOrigin**: Your application's domain

### How Do I Opt Out?

> By default, telemetry collection follows an opt-out model. If you'd like to disable telemetry in your Smart Wallet implementation, you can configure it during SDK initialization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, telemetry collection follows an opt-out model. If you'd like to disable telemetry in your app that uses the Smart Wallet SDK, you can configure it during SDK initialization:
```
